Speaker A: Uh, hi Ayush. So myself Omkar Gujja, and, uh, I have— I'm born in Mumbai, uh, in year 2000. And, uh, so I will tell you something regarding my family background. So I come from a very middle-class background, and I'm a South Indian, and at home we speak Telugu as our first language. And I have mom and father. My father is 10th, 10th passed, and he is doing a government job in BMC. And my mother is currently housewife, and I have one sister who is currently married, and she is 3 to 4 years older than me. And, uh, so from my childhood memories, if I have to speak about that, uh, then, uh, I was born and brought up in a very small town of Mumbai called as the Nalasopara. And it's not even in a central part of Mumbai, uh, it's a little outside of Mumbai. So yeah, uh, the initial 15 years, uh, I have spent over there. I used to live with my mom, dad, and my sister. My other family The relatives are also stays in Mumbai, mostly different, mostly in southern parts of the Mumbai. I have a very large extended family. My father has two brothers and one sister, and on the other side, my mom has. 3 sisters and, uh, 2 brothers. So have a very huge family. Now coming back to my school life, I, uh, my father and mom— my mom also used to do a job as to cover the household expenses. So they had did their best to, uh, to admit me and my sister in, uh, like a good school. I will call that an average school, not that the top school. So I was very shy introverted kind of kid since my childhood, and I didn't used to speak much with anyone. Any new person I used to meet, used to— I get intimidated with them. In my school, As well, I had a very few selective friends. I don't used to talk a single word outside of this circle, so I was very selective about the people that I am connected with. And the reason I will tell you about my nature in further part of this recordings. So this was about my friend circle. And, uh, in about my school life, I didn't used to part in many extracurricular activity. I was not much interested into any of these fields, any of these activities where a lot of the people people are involved. I just used to be a guy who used to follow a same routine every day. Morning school, tuitions afternoon, a little bit of playing with the friends in the evening, and then coming back to the home and then spend time with the family. And that's how my daily routine was. So during my childhood, uh, there my parents were little toxic. They used to fight with each other. So maybe I would say because of this reason, uh, I was very shy or I was very intimidated because of the kind of the environment kids should have. I was not born in that kind of environment. Him, my father, he was an alcoholic, and so there was a lot of fights and quarreling happens within our family. Many such incidents, like I can't express those in very short, but you can guess that. So the only love and the care and the support that I got from my mother, and, uh, I was— my father was not much supportive at all, was very toxic, not much support Although he used to give the money to pay all the school fees, bills, uh, so that, uh, one of the things that I am proud on him. Uh, so these are the some of the incidents about my childhood. Uh, so this is how these internal things at my home has shaped my personality, uh, that I told you about. And, uh, and like, I'm not even much a social guy, uh, and doesn't used to interact in groups. And anytime, anytime I interact with a new person, I always have to create a script in my mind before interacting with them. Even with my few of the school friends, I used to think a script before interacting with them. That kind of the person I was. So one of the incident That is deeply emotionally that I remember is of like I there were a lot of the fights was used to happen at my home. So even in the morning before going to school, there were many fights happen. So I used to remember. There were few days where I didn't go to school and just used to sit alone and used to cry internally. In fact, few tears were also coming out of my eyes. I used to think that why I am facing this life, why I have this kind of parents at home. Does everyone, my friends around me, have the same life? No, all are happy. Then why is it like me? So this internal voice has, has made me to suppress myself a lot. So because of which my childhood has shaped into such, uh, and I was very good in studies and I was very brilliant guy, used to good in memory, uh, my favorite subject was math, so I was mathematically good and all the other subjects I was, I was very good at, although except History, uh, was a boring subject, and I was not even good at the languages. So in language subject, like in English, Hindi, Marathi, so at whatever, in like wherever I have to create my own identity or my express my voice, I was not good at that. For example, if there was a question to write an essay, then I was used to think that my voices are not Uh, not much attractive. I am not much of a good essay writer, or like if any content has to be produced within myself, I was used to think very bad about myself. I was very kind of a guy who tried to memorize the concept instead of believing in creating the Content by the self. So anyhow, this was my school. This. So my teachers used to think about me that I am a good student, and in fact, I was a good student as well. In my childhood, I was never used to fight with anyone. In fact, because the reason is that I didn't have much interaction with many people. I was only competitive, and I was very competitive with the people around me as well. And then this is how I spent my initial. Childhood, all the 15 years has been spent like that. After then, I've passed the tenth and then I moved to the Saiyan, which is in a central part of the Mumbai. So the reason was for the college because I was going to the college at the Villa Palais. It was very good college, was a very Like, uh, it was very polished. The all— the entire college was offered AC, uh, AC rooms, and entire corridors was also full of AC. Uh, the quality of the people that used to come around, uh, come in that college were like very coming from the rich background. So I had a very inferiority complex with when I initially, uh, uh, gone into that college. In the very first, in the very few days, I was not able to make the friends very fast. I was Like my first initial few days of the college was like, uh, when all the people were— although where they knew people, they were interacting with each other. So I used to think that all these people, do they know each other? And I am only the person who is separate from them, who doesn't know anyone. But That's how I used to think about myself. So yeah, this was the diploma where I was doing the diploma in mechanical, uh, and some of my uncles suggested me to go in this field. So that's the reason I chose this field. I was not having much clarity on what to do, what not to do. It is the— that something I So as I told, I was very good in studies. So in colleges as well, I used to perform well. And in colleges, I was very intimidated by the presentations, like presenting something or saying something in front of the 50-60 people. So I always used to try to avoid such kind of the situations, such kind of the lectures. Uh, that's how it was. Um, so most of the time I used to avoid this. In fact, even during the viva or the oral communication, I used to feel that I have to prepare a lot for this viva because I have to speak. So That's how bad I was. But in writing, since it's a writing examination, since it's related to the memorization, so it was kind of easy for me, easy way for me to gain the, uh, again the marks or grades. So there are in diploma and This the diplomas was for the three years. Then slowly the I make the friends and their friends are currently are currently my friends as well. I'm in touch with them as well. Like they are even close more than my school friends. Although just they are only I have two friends from the this diploma period. But school friends were around 6 people, 6 to 7 people. Very few interactions with them. In fact, I mostly try to avoid my school period. I don't know why. So yeah, this was the reason. Subjects that I used to hate, like most of the Where technical, mathematic calculation subjects used to there, where logical needs to be applied. I used to like those kind of the subjects. So then, so this were the my college diploma part, and then after that completing the three-year diploma, I got into the graduation, and my finish few initial years. Of my degree, uh, were only in the online because of the COVID period. So I was very much happy since it's an online, so I don't have to face many people. So this is how the 2 years of my graduation was there. And then the remaining 2 years I spent in the college when all the things were open and all the colleges were open. Then, uh, and the same pattern has been repeated in my degree college as well, uh, but, uh, this time I was a little much more like, uh, I was not able to make many close friends in this, uh, in this, uh, degree. I mean, I'm not even With them, I was only interacting with them for the purpose, with the work purpose related. Didn't much spend time outside the college as well. Like very few of the incidents that I have spent. Mistakes, I didn't much committed mistakes. Like if I have to regret on my college days, then I will say that I I didn't make much. I was mostly related to the work, focusing on my work career, studying. I didn't pay attention attention to my my my relations, my friends. The reason could be that I was very having a anxious type of the relations attachment. So yeah, I even I got this about anxious relation attachment from why by reading books. So I used to read a few of the books related to how to make the better relationships, how to understand myself. How to? I used to learn about the psychology of psychology of humans, so that I can better deal with my toxic father. And eventually, I get got at a point where I am able to deal with him now much better. So mostly the concerns regarding a wild degree. Was that I need to get a good job. So for that, I used to struggle a lot. Used to do a lot of. I mean, although I was coming from the mechanical background and in degree I was from the mechatronics, but since the computer science was mostly easier path since I was having the laptop and the And this path was very easier way to get the job. So that's the reason I use chose this. So even during the my degree college lectures, I was didn't paying much much of the attention in the lecture, but I prepare. I struggled for the computer science subjects to studied those subjects. And then join few of the courses and learn from there and build up few projects. And then initial, and then slowly I got the internship after the end of my degree. So, and after that I got a full-time job by in By working three months of internship over there, so and this company was not a huge company. In fact, I will. So there was one few. There was only two to two couples running this company, and they were having. They were having a kindergarten school for the small kids, and also that person or my manager was having a IT business where he used to provide the IT services to the client. He was also having a full-time job. Along with that, he was used to doing his business. So. That person was also coming from the IT background. So here I got a job from him. I worked with him for around one year, like maybe one more than one year. So even in this company as well, there was not many people. So very few interactions I had. And then, uh, uh, even so, my daily was job was fixing the bugs, finding, interacting with the clients, take the UAT, uh, UAT and whatever issues that has got from the UAT, I used to solve that bugs. So this This is how I completed my one year of job, and in fact, this job was a remote opportunity. So I was at working home from the entire one year. And then since I asked my manager to increase my pay, but it was not up to my expectation. So then eventually I left my. First job, and then in second job, I left this job. I resigned myself, and then within within four months, I got the another job. And this was relatively a good company. The around five hundred people. It's a company which provides the AI services to the. To clients, and the clients are across different regions, different countries, from India, from US, UK, Singapore, Dubai. So from very different— so very immense international company, although it's, uh, still expanding. And yeah, it was a relatively good experience I have in this company. In fact, currently I'm working in this company only. So, so if you don't know about my professional job is that I'm currently a software developer. So think of this: my education was in a mechanical background, but I. Eventually worked in a shifted in IT industry and now working as a software developer. So even during the college days, I used to work. I learn about the different technologies: blockchain, databases, front-end, back-end, machine learning, AI. Used to make the cool projects using The Python, like the CV detection, image detection, created many blockchain projects as well. So I was very much interested getting was very interesting about this techs or tech world. So because of this interest, I was able to get into the into this field. So regarding the Exponentia, the company in which I'm currently working, so I've got a good surrounding of the people here, good experienced people, senior engineers. So here I'm currently working as a front-end developer. So the main thing here, even I did a lot of the struggle. In fact, if I have to tell you one incident about my interview for this company, in HR interview, the HR told me that you have previously Previous company's experience used to is count as a as an intern, not as a full stack, not as a full time developer. Think of it that I worked in a company for around thirteen months as an intern. Can anyone believe that? But since I was very much. In need of a job, so I anyhow expected accepted this offer. Like it's six LPA, much lower than what I was expecting, and in fact what much more than what I was deserving. Only the reason was that HR told me that your previous work experience count as an intern. Not as a full-time. So only because of this reason, I had got much lower pay than what I deserve. So this is thing that I regretted about. And now this company, there are many projects that I have worked on, worked with the UK clients as well, US client. Like only UK clients. So although I was very, very had very few interactions with the clients, but still had a good experience with them. But one thing I want to tell you about myself is that whenever I'm working in a group, I was very much dependent on the senior in. Engineers for creating, for working on any projects. So like even during the working with the team, I used to speak very, very, very little in working with the group. Even though I was having much more knowledge than the experienced people, but they very used to get the praises for the for their work. In fact, the backend developer I am working worked in was having the five to six seven years of experience, but compared to her, I have much more knowledge of the backend. Even though I am working currently as a frontend developer, so in fact I informed this to my manager as well that I want to work on the full stack projects like as a backend developer, but I'm slowly transforming into that role. In fact, I'm learning AI as well, so I was even in the during the company. I used to always learn new of the concepts along with the job. I used to keep on building the projects. But one thing that I would like to tell you that I used to think that I am I'm not much of a productive guy. Like I'm not able to. Attention or focus to any one thing. I used to keep on hopping from one stack to another stack. Which stack is better? So which stack provides more salary? So because of these noises, I was very confused between the— during what to learn, what not to learn, what was not Getting much guidance from anyone. Only I used to get guidance from the YouTube channels, all the like engineers working from the software engineer, from the Microsoft, Google. So all the people used to work on in this company, I used to watch their videos how to get better at that. So I got motivation from them. I learned. But still, I didn't got the output that I was preparing for, that I was expecting for. So, so like, I'm a very kind of a hardworking guy. Than a hardworking guy but produces very little outcome. Although, I mean, produces very little outcome, that's what the, uh, the company used to think about me, or my project manager used to think about me, but I was very hardworking. So the challenges that I had told you, that, uh, I was, uh, like contributing into the group, working in a group settings, I was little uncomfortable with that. But, uh, but having one-on-one conversation, I was very much comfortable in that. So That was one thing I was good at. But, uh, then little I started getting out of my comfort zone, uh, started giving myself— push myself into the more discomfort area, practice myself more. And currently now I'm at a point where I am, uh, now I'm confident about speaking in English as well. Also able to work, able to show my output to in a group in front of everyone. So this transformation that I have got in this company in 1.5 years, so this skill I have, I am able to enhance along with My technical skills, but still it's a long journey. Very much improvements I need to do in my conversations, in my technical skills, in both the domain. I have to work a lot, but I am. I need to work little. I need to get smarter, work more smarter. I should do that. So hardest, so during, if I have to tell you about my hardest project that I work on is the, like during the project I used to struggle with like creating architecture of architecture of the feature or the requirement that client has. In fact, I used to face very difficulties asking the clients what is the requirement. I used to shy asking the questions to the client. So other— so my manager or my business analyst, project manager used to ask questions on behalf of me. I was not taking ownership of my work even during the one appraisal call where we talked with the manager. So this one feedback I got from my manager that I should take ownership of my work. Um, uh, so got a feedback from my manager that I should not be dependent on other party. I should take the responsibility of my work. But so, but the internal thing that I know that I was very, I was very shy away from asking the questions in front of everyone. But somehow I tackle this problem. I've I've got a mindset of now that, uh, the only way to solve this problem is to face this problem shamelessly with the same shamelessly, like ask question without hesitation, like doesn't matter what people think. And I've actually implemented this. So this one thing I have learned very much and I've tackled Problem. In fact, I have to work on and continuously working on that as well. So this is was about my professional experience. Now regarding my personal. Things, if I have to say. So regarding my personal identity, so I think I am a kind of a person who overthinks a lot, and like overthinks a lot, and what other person will think about myself. I judge myself a lot and tend to overcomplicate things, often unnecessarily. Sometimes I lie to myself, and I don't always believe in myself. I confuse myself quite often, but at the end of the day, I still think that I am right. I somehow am right. I like to blame on others, but also I take the responsibility. Maybe I try to avoid responsibility. I'm confused, like, what to say. My core values— even while speaking, I don't know what are my core values. So such kind of distorted identity I have deep within. To myself, to my, my family, my mother, my parents, my father, my sisters, some close people to me, this is what all matters to me. And to have enough money to provide all the resources that they need, and to have a good health, to good physique, which I'm not currently working on. And the things that I make me happy is, I think. Money is the thing that currently I'm at a point where money is what makes me more important, more happy, because I think I come from a background, family, where we were had a very— we were not much rich. We struggle a lot for the money, had very— had a lot of fights for just for the money. So I have seen that scarcity of money since childhood. So because of that reason, I am now at a point where I think that every solution for everything is money. That's true, but Most of the problems will be solved by money, but not all. There are the few things which cannot be solved by the money, like health. Relationships somewhat can be, can be improved by the money, but somewhat it will need a good understanding of the humans. How the human psychology works, that's I need to work on and working on. So the thing that frustrates me is that whenever some person like try to show the try to manipulate me, I don't like that. Like. If they show a glimpse of love towards me and affection towards me, then suddenly if they try to change completely and try to disrespect me or hurt me in some way or other, so that hurt, I keep self— I keep repeating itself in my mind. A lot of the time, thousands of the time. So, so that's the reason. So I always try to keep myself away from to get hurt from the others. So because of which I turned into a people pleaser behavior. Where I give a lot even though the person is hurting me. But after making a few mistakes in relationships in my, uh, last 4 to 5 years, I've now come at a point where I now have a good understanding about my relationship that I don't need everyone. I don't need to Please everyone, I don't need to join every family function. I don't need to give so much to the people. I do have to care about myself because if I don't exist, then what's the point of how will they even exist without me? So I do have to care about myself and eventually. All my relations will be getting better. What I am proud of is that since my childhood, I was not having a father figure. I was very much in a confused state of mind since childhood, very much insecure about myself. And, uh, and now doing— after doing, uh, having with so much of the negatives, uh, such kind of things about myself, uh, after struggling and working on those my negatives, on my weakness, and now I'm at a point where I'm able to, uh, where I'm able to interact with the people Although still I face a problem with small talk, but still I'm working on that and I know eventually I will be good at that as well. Uh, I'm able to get attention, attract attention of the other person as well. So still working, I have to work a lot on that. I will never say that I am expert in that. We'll keep on working on these things, we'll keep on working on my weakness. So So this one thing is that I'm proud of is that I'm always goal-oriented. I keep on working on myself, but on the other hand, sometimes I get entangled into my thoughts as well, into this purpose as well, into these goals. So, but from time to time, I will get clarity on this, that when I have to take a rest and when I have to work. And after making a few mistakes, I've— I'm, I'm able to understand myself that yeah, rest is also more, uh, as much as important as working. In fact, it is much more important. Uh, so this was some of the things that I liked about myself. Uh, so like I was not much dependent on anyone, uh, to— for the growth, like from my relations and close relatives. I was not much dependent on— I think I am not dependent on anyone. I like to keep, uh, be independent, to make myself, uh, free from the financially, from the all the attachments. So this is the path that I am working towards. So I think I am approaching some good path. And I am mostly insecure about my voices or I say like authority, taking a stand for myself, taking initiative. So these are some of the things that I'm still insecure of and need to work on them. Yep, so going on with this. And also, I think I do plan a lot, but my execution is very low. So this thing I'm currently working on, and I'm also trying to control my impulses. By like whenever I'm argue, have argument with my father, instead of reacting, I'm responding. I wait a few seconds and then answer to him so that the things does not get much more worse. So these are the few tricks that I'm learning from from the different coaches, from few peoples. So I'm implementing them in current my life. Uh, currently I'm, as I told you, I'm working in Exponential. Uh, all going great. Now my daily routine is mostly I do work from home. So I work in a UK time zone. So, uh, I wake up at around 11 to 12, and then I start my work at 1 or 2 PM, and then continue keep on working till 8 to 9, then have a dinner with the family, and then again after 10 o'clock I keep on working till the, uh, 3 to 4 AM at night. So I don't spend my time outside much, but still I'm working to be healthy. I will— I very rarely walk, but still need to work on that as well in my physical health. Finances, I have sorted finances to a good level. Like, I can say that I am now financially Uh, I keep on learning about the finances, uh, so now I have a good understanding about that. So, uh, I'm financially secure, um, like my survival is now ensured, uh, financially secure as well, like I have emergency fund for the next 6 to 7 months. But now working towards the financial freedom, like I don't have to work only for the money. So this is the one of the goals that I'm working towards. My daily routine, I've told you about myself. Fitness, not much going great now, need to work on that. Relationships, Okay, okay, it's like not that bad and not that good. So it's not like if I have need of help from someone, then if I call them, then obviously they will, they will likely to be helping me out. So I'm at that point. And not with everyone, like one or like one or two selective people. If I have to say with whom I have argued, with whom my relationship is not good, but other than that, most of my relationships are good and not that great. I will still say okay. Social life, I don't like. Regarding my work colleagues with whom I only talk on through laptop, so I only talk related to mostly related to work. And apart from that, two friends that I told you during my diploma period, they are I am still in touch with them. So currently I am planning with them for the trip. So yeah, I'm still in a good touch with them. Uh, we do talk occasionally, uh, like 2 or 3 months, once in 2 or 3 months, like not rarely, not daily, but yeah, we do, we still talk sometimes. Um, so yeah, everything is going good. I, I mostly invest in, uh, uh, hobbies. Uh, currently I'm trying to work on my fitness as well, like I'm trying to lose my weight by controlling on my eating habits. Uh, I'm now avoiding eating sugar items. Avoid eating outside food. So these are the things I'm still working on now. So let's talk about my some of the future goals, my future visions. Now, along with the job, I am working on. I'm like I have joined the Anton. For the learning the AI and targeting the US, UK roles. Uh, so like kind of I am showing more interest towards, uh, uh, like business or contractual work. This is kind of like getting into the, uh, uncomfortable zone, uncomfortable zone, sorry. So I'm working toward that direction. So AI interests me because, uh, oh, because I'm kind of bored with the repeated task that I do daily. So AI can help me a lot to reduce that repeated task. So that's why I love about AI, and that's why I keep on using this AI in my most of my tasks. And I'm still exploring this field. Now I am learning creating services, giving services to the clients, to businesses. So eventually in the next 3 to 4 months, looking for some having US UK clients and to create a good stable income and eventually don't have to dependent on my full-time job. So this was related to my career and related to my life. I will say I have actually bought a house in Mumbai of 80 lakh and And, uh, 50% of money has been funded by my father. I'm grateful for that. And the remaining 50% of the burden, I am taking that on myself as a challenge. And so I have to pay EMS for that, and I will be getting that new home in the next 2 years. It's still under construction. Uh, so regarding my family goals, like, uh, in coming 2 to 3 years, I'm looking to get married. Not any soon. Uh, I have this, uh, insecurity that I should have, uh, like, not even insecurity, I will say like, uh, when I'm financially very In my worldview, in my definition, when I have earned seen a lakh or two lakh, then I am good fit for getting married. But although people around me, people around me does not have much expectation by from themselves, but still they are getting married. But This is a financial goal or financial expectation that I have myself, that before getting married I should be not dependent on financially anyone. So I at least will be earning 1 lakh or 2 lakhs per month. This is the financial goal I have, and that I think Anton will really help me in that. Uh, then, uh, currently I've told you one home I've already bought that whose EMI are already going on, and this is the 10, uh, 10 years loan. Uh, so regarding apart from this, uh, in the next 2 to 3 years or maybe 5 years, I have to clear all these loans. Within five years, and then I have to bought one more, one more flat. Need to buy that as well. So overall two flats I want to buy. The second flat I need to buy in within four to five years by clearing all the EMIs of the first flat. And regarding the family, I will say that on my daily basis I interact with my mom, dad, with whom I am very much close. So the goal is that I want to have a family where there is, there is a support from everyone. Contribution from everyone. And my father, like, to, to make him better so that he should not be that toxic guy in family. And in fact, I'm working that as well. That's one of the family goals. That not to have argument over unnecessary things. So, so trying to work on that as well. And regarding the skills or the success, I will say that, uh, I will define success for myself like, uh, like I won't have any fear of doing anything. This is the success for me, like, uh, like I have enough money to experiment anything in my life, uh, doing any, uh, like having traveling or spending money. I currently have a fear of spending money. I do conserve a lot of money, uh, save a lot of money, although that's a good thing. But still, what's the point of if I'm not able, if I'm not spending my money, what I have earned, then on myself? So what's the point of that? I think a lot on my this before spending my money. So in some way or other way, that's a good habit as well. Um, so for me, the success will be that I've told you already, that, uh, having, having fear of not, uh, doing anything, uh, whatever I have to do in all the way, like in health, wealth, relations, I should not be having a fear of doing that. This thing I'm working on that. And the only goal or the mantra that I do keep on in my mind that I need to ask who am I in every day, in every situation, so that I can understand about myself. As I am part of this universe, so I have to understand this universe as well because I am this universe. I am not different from this. So like I'm coming from, I do do consume a lot of spiritual content. So that's also one of the goal is that to grow spiritually and to overcome all my insecurities. To have a good presentation skill, to have good speaking skills in front of the— able to speak in front of hundreds of the people. So these are few of the skills that I'm working on. So apart from that, uh, So the lessons that I learned from myself, uh, in 5 years is that, uh, not to regret about anything. Although it should not be like we should be reckless about the thing, we should not be shameless because we eventually will become a psychopath if we behave like that. So the only thing is that we should not be do much regret about anything. And, uh, the kind of the person that I want to become in my life is that a person who will be able to solve any problem, any kind of level, doesn't matter how the problem complicated is, how easy problem is. But you should be able to solve any kind of a problem. That kind of a person I have to become in my life. The problem could be from all level, like health, wealth, relationships, the entire life in general. So the hardest part of my life, I will say, is, uh, like the people whom I have given a lot of trust, uh, Eventually, I have lost my— I have lost my trust on them. Uh, lost my trust on them. Uh, so I wish I could make a learn from my mistakes and improve my Improve or work on myself and get better each day, each year, and keep on growing my entire life.